---
title: What do I want or can see in my Future?
date: 2025-05-11
draft: false
tags:
  - testimony
  - future
---


I started this blog just to build. Doing a network chuck tutorial. I haven't finished it because I been sitting on what to write. I found a new church and the pastor asked me a question. So lets answer.

What do i want in life or what can see in my future? Do I want to be married? Do I want to have children?  What carrier would I like? ect.

The truth of the matter is I haven't thought much about my future. Not for awhile. I been living in the past, in past rejections and trying to survive.  As of today, I still need to talk about my past to get to the future.

12 years ago I was on my knees weeping asking god to use me. I had gotten baptized in 2010.  Feeling torn between the world and going to my country church like there has got to be more than just this with Jesus.  

When i would go to church I felt alone just me everyone ones grand parents. But for everyone in my life who didn't go, didn't have faith in Jesus.  They needed him but when i would ask to get them on the prayer list, the community just never listened to me. 

Around the time I was weeping and asking God to use me. One my best friends growing up called from California. I was getting hope and faith again. He found himself in a spot where someone was shaming him for something he did do to them. So i had an opportunity to talk about Jesus and his forgiveness.

I don't ever know how he felt or what he did with what I shared, but he got in his car drove straight to Colorado. He loved snowboarding more than anything and went up first thing with his boys to Loveland pass. Five people died that day in avalanche. Yet, I knew my friend I thought maybe he changed his mind last minute. Maybe it was just a rumor.

It was a Sunday, so I left church early drove to his parents house. When i saw his fathers face I knew. I stayed with his parents as they searched for his body in the snow until they found him. I stayed strong for them. The moment I left that door the tears fell like torrents.  I always would cry broken heart when dumped or whatever but this, part of me died that day with him and my heart just wasn't the same. 35 years of friendship.

I stayed strong.

My relationship with my father was rocky. I was living with him even though i was an adult. I had another friend moved back home. Someone I've known for a very long time whom was like a big brother to me. So i was going to move in with him and his daughter. I went to go play music with him one night but we talked for like 7 hours and played nothing.  He had gone to bible school but was kicked out and gave up the faith to the point when i was baptized with love in his heart he was telling me its not true. After meeting up since then I still stood ground.

It was a nice talk. I told him how felt cursed if i get close to anyone they'll die. we shared our hearts. He told me as we gave one another a hug that he believes in that stuff and I said don't going dying on me as i patted him on the shoulder.

It was on the way back from a Mackelmore concert my high school art teacher called, so Murf's dead old boy. I was like what? I just talked to him. This is only three weeks after the avalanche. My tears came down so much i couldn't drive. He died a heart attack my music still in the cd player of his car.

My relationship with whom i was seeing. Fell apart, she left with another guy who was mocking me and she just believed I was an unhappy person because she never experienced death before. I yelled at her and she replied.  "Your not Christian."

This was the beginning of a journey for me, those words, "Your not Christian." The beginning of a journey to find out whats right, whats wrong, and what does it mean to be a Christian. I needed to find the truth, I needed to find Jesus. I made deal with God eventually. If he would take the pain all the pain away, that was in my heart. I would live for completely and totally for him.

The future, well.  Twelve years and I think I have the understanding I need now. I think part of gods process is crushing a person. Even the word as you apply it to your life cuts like a sword. If you think of Jesus in the garden were he prayed and sweated blood going to his cross. It wasn't just any garden. It was the exact olive orchard they used for the temple anointing oil. That they would crush to make the oil. So our savior was crushed so that we could have the oil. Its better to surrender to god, your pride, your everything. I know with me the crushing did not need to last as long as it did but it was on me.

Don't get me wrong I would love a wife and children on mountain and live a simple life. But i have to serve him. I have to tell them he is coming. He is coming back.

I tried to do everything in my own strength and learned the hard way its just about having a relationship with him and being obedient no matter what he says. I learned God is a match maker (Derrick Prince). I learned if you walk in his will, your life will be rigged in his favor (Kevin Zadai).  That's all I want to see in my future, whatever the lord desired of me when he thought of me. Whatever he wrote in the book about me when he created me.  That is what I want for myself and the people I love.  i want to see peoples hearts return to Jesus.  Its a passion of mine. When I pass I want Satan to be relieved.

Right now I need to rest and finish healing and get back to the lord. In his process for me. 

I let rejection direct my whole life and I see an end to that in the future. A whole new future in which I never matured before.